Update: Provide more clarity about the term ANY time for initial development releases (#916)
semver/semver: semver.md

MUST NOT be modified. Any modifications MUST be released as a new version.

1. Major version zero (0.y.z) is for initial development. Anything MAY change
at any time. The public API SHOULD NOT be considered stable. Incompatible API changes and 

> new functionality might be introcuded in MINOR releases. PATCH releases still reserved

Author: ```suggestion
new functionality might be introcuded in incremental `0.Z` releases when `0.Y` releases still reserved
```
